# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

Just going to start off by saying Bootstrap really IS as awesome as all you instructors told us it is. You won me over. It's fun to have the Bootstrap classes available and combine them with my own classes to create really webpages exactly as I want them to look. 

Hands down, my favorite bootstrap class so far is "card;" it does so much, which makes it super rewarding. Just pop it on a col inside a row and BAM, you've got a schnazzy little box with rounded corners that you can dump content into. 

I am still struggling a bit with horizontal alignment (both with and without bootstrap), specifically for objects (like images and buttons) inside divs with "display:block." I feel like as soon as I think I've figured it out, I run into a button that stubbornly refuses to center-align, and I have to re-evalutate everything I thought I knew about alignment.   

Other than horizontal alignment, CSS is really starting to come together for me. I honestly had no idea you could do stuff like make sites mobile-friendly and animate solely with CSS--the language (is CSS actually considered a language? or something else?) is so versatile. 

I feel like the clone site I created for my checkpoint this week turned out really well. Kind of tongue-in-cheek a while back, I told a friend who owns a pesticide business I'd redesign her site once I learned how, so for the checkpoint project, I yoinked the content and images from her actual webpage to create my clone. I think I made some improvements--maybe one day, I'll actually redesign her site with all the functionality necessary. That would be super cool. 

