# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or surprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

The javascript that we learned this week made a lot of sense, and I'm really enjoying using it to do cool stuff. Writing games was fun! I realized I don't have a lot of understanding of game logic, though. It's just not something I've spent a lot of time thinking about up to this point in my life. It's more complicated than I realized and quite hard to get right, and it's given me a new appreciation for the phone games I succumb to when I'm tired. 

I really struggled this week with my CSS animations. I know they weren't technically the point of the week, but they're cool, and I'd like to get better at them. There's sooooooo much to learn in that category. 

My kids actually think my resource-miner game this week is cool!! That, I count as a major victory. They're really tough clients. They do give good feedback though when I ask them to test what I've created. 

I do have two questions this week:
1. Is it ok to put my parner's repo address in the journal since he was the one who created it and invited me as collaborator? 
2. How do I get a clock countdown with JS? I did it with interval, but I feel like there's got to be a better way. 