# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
- What went well this week?
- What did you learn as a shock or suprise?
- What are you struggling with?
- What would you count as a victory?

This week was intense. It was a lot of new stuff for me. I feel like the precourse work prepared me well for a lot of the basic javascript, but the MVC pattern was totally new. I can see the usefulness, and I also love that we're working within a code base. In my previous coding experience, all my projects were very self-contained, which just isn't how it's going to be in my future job. Every company has tools and environments they want their employees to code in. That's one reason it takes developers so long to ramp up in a new job. I really like learning the BCW template because I feel like I'll go into my first job much more prepared for what learning a new environment will be like. 

My checkpoint went really well this week. I feel like I was able to apply what I'd learned and make something cool. The javascript Date class is super frustrating--I really struggled with it. The TAs were super patient with me, and in the end, I'm actually really glad I struggled with the particular problem I ran into because I understand Date much better after this project. There was no glossing over and just getting lucky, and that was probably for the best. 